Update doc: async update support for controller (#2096)
ros-controls/ros2_control: controller_manager/doc/userdoc.rst

If the hardware during it's ``read`` or ``write`` method returns ``return_type::ERROR``, the controller manager will stop all controllers that are using the hardware's command and state interfaces.
Likewise, if a controller returns ``return_type::ERROR`` from its ``update`` method, the controller manager will deactivate the respective controller. In future, the controller manager will try to start any fallback controllers if available.

Support for Asynchronous Updates
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For some applications, it is desirable to run a controller at a lower frequency than the controller manager's update rate. For instance, if the ``update_rate`` for the controller manager is 100Hz, the sum of the execution times of all controllers' ``update()`` calls must be below 10ms. If one controller requires 15ms, it cannot be executed synchronously without affecting the overall ros_control update rate. Running a controller asynchronously can be beneficial in this scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some applications, it is desirable to run a controller at a lower frequency than the controller manager's update rate. For instance, if the ``update_rate`` for the controller manager is 100Hz, the sum of the execution times of all controllers' ``update`` calls and hardware components ``read`` and ``write`` calls must be below 10ms. If one controller requires 15ms of execution time, it cannot be executed synchronously without affecting the overall ros_control update rate. Running a controller asynchronously can be beneficial in this scenario.
```

> For some applications, it is desirable to run a controller at a lower frequency than the controller manager's update rate. For instance, if the ``update_rate`` for the controller manager is 100Hz, the sum of the execution times of all controllers' ``update`` calls and hardware components ``read`` and ``write`` calls must be below 10ms. If one controller requires 15ms of execution time, it cannot be executed synchronously without affecting the overall ros_control update rate. Running a controller asynchronously can be beneficial in this scenario.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For some applications, it is desirable to run a controller at a lower frequency than the controller manager's update rate. For instance, if the ``update_rate`` for the controller manager is 100Hz, the sum of the execution times of all controllers' ``update`` calls and hardware components ``read`` and ``write`` calls must be below 10ms. If one controller requires 15ms of execution time, it cannot be executed synchronously without affecting the overall system update rate. Running a controller asynchronously can be beneficial in this scenario.
```

> The async update support is transparent to each controller implementation. A controller can be enabled for asynchronous updates by setting the ``is_async`` parameter to ``true`` and specifying an ``update_rate`` that is lower than the controller manager's rate. The controller manager will load the controller accordingly. The description of these parameters can be found in the :ref:`ros2_control_parameters` section. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The async update support is transparent to each controller implementation. A controller can be enabled for asynchronous updates by setting the ``is_async`` parameter to ``true``. The controller manager will load the controller accordingly. The description of these parameters can be found in the :ref:`ros2_control_parameters` section. For example:
```

Having an update rate lower than the controller manager rate is not a necessity. It's better not to specify that

.. code-block:: yaml

    controller_manager:
      ros__parameters:
        update_rate: 100  # Hz
        ...

    example_async_controller:
      ros__parameters:
        type: example_controller/ExampleAsyncController
        is_async: true
        update_rate: 20  # Hz
        ...

will result in the controller being loaded and configured to run at 20Hz, while the controller manager runs at 100Hz.

Scheduling Behavior
----------------------
From a design perspective, the controller manager functions as a scheduler that triggers updates for asynchronous controllers during the control loop.

> The ROS 2 ``ControllerInterfaceBase`` uses ``AsyncFunctionHandler`` to handle the actual update, which is the same mechanism used by the resource manager to support read/write operations for asynchronous hardware. When a controller is configured to run asynchronously, the controller interface creates an async handler during the controller's configuration and binds it to the controller's update method. The async handler thread created by the controller interface has either the same thread priority as the controller manager or the priority specified by the ``thread_priority`` parameter. When triggered by the controller manager, the async handler evaluates the timing and then calls the update method if it is due.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ROS 2 ``ControllerInterfaceBase`` uses ``AsyncFunctionHandler`` to handle the actual ``update`` callback of the controller, which is the same mechanism used by the resource manager to support read/write operations for asynchronous hardware. When a controller is configured to run asynchronously, the controller interface creates an async handler during the controller's configuration and binds it to the controller's update method. The async handler thread created by the controller interface has either the same thread priority as the controller manager or the priority specified by the ``thread_priority`` parameter. When triggered by the controller manager, the async handler evaluates if the previous trigger is successfully finished and then calls the update method.
```

Reviewer: @Juliaj You can apply the suggestions directly from github webpage, no need to redo them :)

> The ROS 2 ``ControllerInterfaceBase`` uses ``AsyncFunctionHandler`` to handle the actual ``update`` callback of the controller, which is the same mechanism used by the resource manager to support read/write operations for asynchronous hardware. When a controller is configured to run asynchronously, the controller interface creates an async handler during the controller's configuration and binds it to the controller's update method. The async handler thread created by the controller interface has either the same thread priority as the controller manager or the priority specified by the ``thread_priority`` parameter. When triggered by the controller manager, the async handler evaluates if the previous trigger is successfully finished and then calls the update method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, the ``ControllerInterfaceBase`` calls ``AsyncFunctionHandler`` to handle the actual ``update`` callback of the controller, which is the same mechanism used by the resource manager to support read/write operations for asynchronous hardware. When a controller is configured to run asynchronously, the controller interface creates an async handler during the controller's configuration and binds it to the controller's update method. The async handler thread created by the controller interface has either the same thread priority as the controller manager or the priority specified by the ``thread_priority`` parameter. When triggered by the controller manager, the async handler evaluates if the previous trigger is successfully finished and then calls the update method.
```
